Now that we've downloaded and installed the command line tools and the C++ compiler, we'll now install
the code light ID code.
LT is an integrated development environment that's cross-platform open source.
It runs on Mac OS ten Linux and Windows.
In this video we're going to install it on Mac OS ten.
So open up your favorite browser and go to code light dot org.
That's code L dot org.
And you'll see a web page similar to this.
You want to find the download link, you can see one here at the top bar menu.
And there's also this big blue button, which is the one I'm going to click on.
I'll select that and you takes you to a page where you can contribute to the developers if you wish,
or you could just go straight to the downloads and I'll do that.
So I'll select right here, not now, take me to the download.
Now here we've got some options we can install for Windows, for Mac, for Linux and so forth.
We're interested in Mac in this example.
So the third one down says Code Light 11.0 app bundle for OS ten.
That's the one I want and I'm going to select the direct link to begin the download.
The file is not very large, but the download is quite slow from this site.
I'll pause the video while the download occurs.
Once the download is complete, you can see that it's downloaded a compressed archive file.
So what I'll do is I'll open that.
And I'll double click on it to, um, compress it.
There's my code light app, which I just drag to my applications folder.
That's it.
Code lights now on our system.
In the next video, we'll run code light and configure it to use C++ compilers on MAC OS ten.